When my nights are lost, I'm gonna see me once and in a while.
I'd like to look in your face, baby, and I'd like to see you.
You're as sweet as sugar mama, sweet as little devil king.
Sweetest sugar mama, sweetest little thing I ever seen.
Oh, well, I love you, baby.
I swear I can't treat you mean.
Let me hold you in my heart.
I'll sit you in my rocking chair.
Let me hold you in my arms I'll sit you in my rocking chair You got something I like, baby And I swear every stuff is there My nights are so lonesome If I can't stand a look in your face
I'm so lonesome, baby.
I can't stand a look in your face.
Ah, what is that another thing?
Baby's trying to take my place.
You'd be mean and evil.
Mommy's all coming home to you.
Feed me mean and evil Mama's all coming home to me